They have just confirmed that there has been a
breach in the security of the Duke and Duchess of
Sussex, more specifically by K. Middleton,
in that hospital, a worker, a member of
the hospital has leaked information
and that is why things are coming out, a
huge security breach in
Kate Middleton's medical records and the article,
the hospital directors have
launched an investigation and have
found evidence that at least one
member of staff committed this crime.
Because here it is a crime, not an actual crime. So, in the
words of those at home, they have
caught one exclusively, they have
caught him breaking Kate's confidentiality.